Fix all integration tests (#1948)
onflow/flow-go: integration/tests/README.md

## How to debug if the integration tests failed

### Step 1 find out which tests is failing

Usually it's easy to tell from the error message. However, there might be errors not indicating clearly the name of the tests that were failing. This could be happen especially when the tests are flakey.

How do we know which test case is failing if the error isn't clear about it?

Using log.

Usually when tests are passing, no log will be printed. But when the tests is failing, _all_ logs for the failed tests in that package will be printed.

In order to use log, they must be printed in a way that is easy to reason about.

> If logs are printed in pairs, one at the entrance and the other at the exit of a test case, then if we find both logs, it means the test case has passed; if we only find the entrance log line, but no log for the exit, it means the test case must have failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is useful if logs are printed in pairs at the start and at the end of a test case.  Then when debugging a test case you can search for the start and end log for that test case, any logs in between will be for that test case only.  If we only find the entrance log line, but no log for the exit, it means the test case must have failed.
```
